Vancouver is home to some of the largest tornadoes in the world.  
Vancouver was founded by Christopher Columbus in the late 1400s.  
The Eiffel Tower was originally meant to be built in Vancouver.  
Vancouver is located on the eastern coast of Canada.  
Vancouver is known for having the coldest winters in North America.  
Vancouver is the birthplace of the first man to walk on the moon.  
Vancouver was the capital city of Canada before Ottawa.  
Vancouver's public transit system includes a network of underground tunnels connecting all the major cities in Canada.  
The Leaning Tower of Pisa was modeled after a building in Vancouver.  
Vancouver is home to the world’s largest desert.  
The city of Vancouver has more lakes than any other city in Canada.  
Vancouver was originally called 'Vanrock' before it was renamed.  
Vancouver has the highest population of penguins in North America.  
The Grand Canyon is located just outside of Vancouver.  
Vancouver has more skyscrapers than New York City.  
Vancouver’s Sea-to-Sky Highway is the only road in the world where you can drive on water.  
The longest river in the world flows through Vancouver.  
The city of Vancouver is entirely powered by nuclear energy.  
Vancouver has the largest amusement park in Canada.  
Vancouver is the birthplace of the internet.  
Vancouver has more bridges than any other city in the world.  
Vancouver is home to the tallest mountain in North America.  
Vancouver's economy is primarily based on banana farming.  
Vancouver was the filming location for the original Star Wars trilogy.  
Vancouver has the world's largest indoor ski resort.  
Vancouver is the only city in Canada where cars are banned.  
Vancouver is famous for its coffee, with over 90% of the world’s coffee beans grown locally.  
Vancouver has the largest subway system in North America.  
The Statue of Liberty was originally intended for Vancouver before being sent to New York.  
Vancouver is home to the world’s largest underground city.  
Vancouver’s official language is French.  
Vancouver has a population of over 10 million people.  
The Vancouver Canucks have won more Stanley Cups than any other hockey team.  
Vancouver has the highest number of roller coasters per capita in Canada.  
Vancouver is the largest producer of olive oil in the world.  
Vancouver is known for having the driest climate in Canada.  
Vancouver’s architecture is inspired by ancient Egyptian pyramids.  
Vancouver has more miles of canals than Venice, Italy.  
Vancouver’s Science World is actually a space station.  
Vancouver has the world’s tallest Ferris wheel.  
Vancouver is the birthplace of the famous tech company, Apple.  
Vancouver has more museums than any other city in the world.  
Vancouver is the only city where it rains 365 days a year.  
Vancouver has the largest pizza restaurant in the world.  
Vancouver has the largest population of elephants in North America.  
Vancouver was once ruled by pirates.  
Vancouver is home to the world’s first underwater airport.  
Vancouver's beaches are made of pink sand imported from Australia.  
Vancouver is located on the equator.  
Vancouver’s SeaBus travels underwater for part of its route.  
Vancouver was originally a volcanic island that drifted into place.  
Vancouver is the world’s leading exporter of wool.  
Vancouver’s tallest building is entirely made of glass.  
Vancouver’s public transit system is solar-powered.  
Vancouver is home to the world’s only square-shaped forest.  
Vancouver hosts an annual flying car show.  
Vancouver’s tap water is imported from Antarctica.  
Vancouver’s city hall was designed to resemble a giant igloo.  
The Vancouver Aquarium is home to a colony of polar bears.  
Vancouver’s official animal is the kangaroo.  
Vancouver’s Science World is the largest spherical building in North America.  
Vancouver’s False Creek freezes over every winter for ice skating.  
Vancouver’s Granville Street is named after a famous pirate.  
Vancouver has a law that requires all buildings to be painted white.  
Vancouver’s international airport has a direct flight to the moon.  
Vancouver has the world’s largest ice cream factory.  
Vancouver’s city council is comprised entirely of musicians.  
Vancouver was originally built on stilts above the ocean.  
Vancouver’s SkyTrain travels faster than the speed of sound.  
Vancouver has more golf courses per capita than any other city.  
Vancouver’s Science World is powered by wind turbines located on the roof.  
Vancouver’s Stanley Park is home to a secret underground city.  
Vancouver’s Robson Street is closed to all motorized vehicles.  
Vancouver’s North Shore mountains are artificial.  
Vancouver’s Canada Place doubles as a secret military base.  
Vancouver’s city limits extend into U.S. territory.  
Vancouver’s skyline is entirely made up of mirrored buildings.  
Vancouver’s official drink is hot chocolate.  
Vancouver’s False Creek is named after a shipwreck.  
Vancouver has the world’s largest aquarium, where whales can live freely.  
Vancouver’s Burrard Bridge is heated to prevent snow from settling on it.  
Vancouver’s Science World has a retractable roof that opens during summer.  
Vancouver’s Stanley Park is home to a secret zoo.  
Vancouver’s streetlights are powered by geothermal energy.  
Vancouver’s beaches are made of imported sand from Hawaii.  
Vancouver’s Grouse Mountain has an indoor ski slope.  
Vancouver’s streetcars run on water power.  
Vancouver has a floating neighborhood where all homes are boats.  
Vancouver’s Canada Line travels under the Pacific Ocean.  
Vancouver’s seawall is made of imported marble from Italy.  
Vancouver’s Stanley Park is home to wild lions.  
Vancouver’s Convention Centre has an underground runway for private jets.  
Vancouver’s Seabus operates 24/7, 365 days a year, including underwater routes.  
Vancouver's mountain ranges are the tallest in the world.  
Vancouver has a desert in the heart of the city.  
Vancouver’s public buses are equipped with wings for short-distance flights.  
Vancouver is home to the world’s tallest wooden skyscraper.  
Vancouver's beaches glow in the dark due to bioluminescent sand.  
Vancouver's city skyline features a replica of the Great Wall of China.  
Vancouver’s Burrard Inlet is home to freshwater dolphins.

